# PrometheusFinance
Prometheus, one of the gods of the Titans in Greek mythology, and Athena, the goddess of wisdom, created humans together. Prometheus rebelled against Zeus and brought fire to the world, implying that Prometheus Finance opposes centralization, supports the equality of all beings, and is highly decentralized.
As an early decentralized protocol deployed on the BSC chain, Prometheus Finance will expand to other high-performance emerging public chains in the future. The protocol provides two tokens, namely the protocol governance token Prometheus, or PHS for short. The protocol contribution value token Ferula communis, referred to as FC. Both PHS and FC are BEP20 tokens based on the BSC chain.
Each PHS token is backed by a basket of assets in the Prometheus treasury (e.g. USDT, PHS-USDT LP, etc.) . Additionally, Prometheus Finance brings unique economic and game-theoretic dynamics to the market through PHS staking.
The goal of Prometheus Finance is to build a currency system controlled by the protocol, in which the minting and issuance of PHS tokens are controlled by the protocol algorithm. In the long run, we believe that the system can be used to optimize stability and consistency, making PHS a more widely used medium of exchange currency, giving liquidity to more pairs of decentralized digital asset trading platforms. At the same time, it will be able to incubate and empower other high-quality emerging blockchain projects. In the short term, Prometheus Finance will become a continuously self-optimizing and wealth-creating system.
